---
title: running through the woods
date: 2024-11-20 20:32:25 -5000
---
The woods was one of my favorite places to explore, as it was the only thing within a 10 mile radius of our little cabin. Being a little kid, I had no ideas of the danger that lurked within, though.  
"Two more hours, pleasee?", I whined. "I promise to stay within eyesig"- "No.", stated my mother flatly. "It's too dangerous, and look, the sun is going down". Sure enough, when I turned around, I could see the last sliver of sunlight peeking out from the horizon. "Fine..", I sighed, and made a big show about stomping off to my room.  
Late that night, however, I was woken by someone whispering outside my window. "Hello?" I whispered, shakily. The voice seemed to get louder in response, peaking my curiousity. Looking outside the window, it was just the same old forest I'd seen a million times, but I knew something was *out there*. Slowly, shakily, I got out of bed and quietly slipped out the window, wandering into the night.  
I'd never been out in the woods this late, and I was thankful it was a full moon. Even with that extra light, I could hardly see more than an arms distance away, and I was walking so slowly that it felt as though I were walking out there for hours.  
Despite how terrified I was, I could still appreciate how beautiful my woods looked, even in the nighttime. The sounds of wildlife, of water rushing by as it passed, crickets swirling around my head and pinpricks of fireflies off in the distance, I felt comforted slightly. These were *my* woods, I'd been through them more times than I could count. Surely, I'd be safe here. Right?  
Just when it felt like I had misheard, that there really was no person out there to save, I faintly heard a pattering of footsteps off in the distance, and saw a figure silhouetted in the moonlight. "Hello?" I called out, and ran towards whoever it was. Whatever they were doing out this far, they didn't seem to be in any peril. In fact, I realized in mounting horror, they were holding...something..  
BANG  
Like a deer, I sprinted back the way I had come. The mysterious figure had noticed, and I could hear them running after me, though everything was drowned out by my heart beating through my chest. Everything was a blur of tears as I sprinted and- tripped on a log. I knew my life was over, I had disobeyed and now I would pay t-  
"Saved your life back there, kid." The mysterious figure panted out as they slowed down in front of me. Looking up from the mud I had tripped through, I could vaugely make out a hunting cap and gun. "W- w- wha- t- do you- m- me- mean??" I choked out through chattering teeth. "You didn't notice the pack o' wolves behind you? Reckon they'd have gobbled you right up if I hadn't scared em' off. Sorry for scarin' ya, by the way." The man reached out a hand to help me up. "T- t- thank- s- I- don- t th- think i- ive seen you b- b- before.." I chattered, slowly coming off the adrenaline high.  
The man let out a deep, booming laugh. "You ain't seen me before? Reckon I come to these woods every week, great place for huntin'!". "R- r- right, n- now I sh- should be going back home now.." I muttered as I walked back in the direction of my house, still shaking.  
Getting back home, I quietly slipped out of the mud-stained clothes and put on a nice new set. I never went back to those woods after the sun went down, though.
